Intelligent Customer Help Desk With Smart Document Understanding
Category: Artificial Intelligence

Skills Required:
Python,IBM Cloud,IBM Watson

Project Description:

The typical customer care chatbot can answer simple questions, such as store locations and hours, directions, and maybe even making appointments. When a question falls outside of the scope of the pre-determined question set, the option is typically to tell the customer the question isn’t valid or offer to speak to a real person.

In this project, there will be another option. If the customer question is about the operation of a device, the application shall pass the question onto Watson Discovery Service, which has been pre-loaded with the device’s owners manual. So now, instead of “Would you like to speak to a customer representative?” we can return relevant sections of the owners manual to help solve our customers’ problems.
To take it a step further, the project shall use the Smart Document Understanding feature of Watson Discovery to train it on what text in the owners manual is important and what is not. This will improve the answers returned from the queries.
Scope of Work
Create a customer care dialog skill in Watson Assistant
Use Smart Document Understanding to build an enhanced Watson Discovery collection
Create an IBM Cloud Functions web action that allows Watson Assistant to post queries to Watson Discovery
Build a web application with integration to all these services & deploy the same on IBM Cloud Platform

2. Project Requirements :
i) Create a customer care dialog skill in Watson Assistant.
ii) Smart Document Understanding (SDU) to build an enhanced Watson Discovery collection.
iii) Create an IBM Cloud functions web action that allows Watson Assistant to post queries to Watson discovery.
iv) Build a web application with integration to all these services and deploy the same on IBM Cloud Platform.
3. Functional Requirements:

step-1: The data source from external is annotated by using Watson Discovery Smart Document Understanding.
step-2: The user interacts with the back-end server through the application user interface. The front-end app user interface is a chatbot that engages the user in a conversaton.
step-3: Dialog between the user and back-end server is coordinated using a Watson Assistant dialog skill.
step-4: If the user asks a question that falls outside of the scope of the pre-determined question set, then a search query is issued to the Watson Discovery service through a Watson Assistant search skill.
4. Technical Requirements :
i) write the code in github account and clone the repository.
ii) Create Watson services.
iii) Configure Watson Discovery.
iv) Configure Watson Assistant.
v) Add Watson service credentials to environment file.
vi) Run the application.
5. Software Requirements:
IBM Cloud
Node-RED (Flow-based development tool for visual programming developed by IBM).
IBM Watson services, Watson Assistance, Watson Discovery.
IBM Cloud functions
Customer Help Desk with Smart Document Understanding(SDU).
6. Project Deliverables :
Requirement specification (Document) - Initial briefing report.
User interface
Backend Development
Set up of Test System
User Training session
Project Report
7. Project Team:
Individual project
Name : Aayushi Namdeo
8. Project Schedule : (30 days)
Project Planning & Kickoff - 2day
Setup the Development Environment - 2day
Create IBM Cloud Account - 1 day
Create a Node_RED Starter Application - 1 day
Explore IBM Watson Usecases - 1 day
Introduction to Watson Assistance - 2 days
Introduction to Watson Discovery- 2 days
Getting Started with IBM Cloud Functions - 2 day
Create necessary IBM Cloud services - 2 day
Configure Watson Discovery Service - 2 day
Create cloud functions action - 2 day
Configure Watson Assistant - 2 day
Build Node-RED flow to integrate all services - 2 days
Build a web dashboard - 3 day
Test the Bot and capture the results - 1 day
Prepare the project report and upload the Node_RED flow to GitHub - 1 day
Create a project Demo Video and upload to youtube - 1 day
