Intelligent-Customer-Help-Desk-with-Smart-Document-Understanding
Intelligent Customer Help Desk With Smart Document Understanding
Category: Artificial Intelligence

Skills Required:
Python,IBM Cloud,IBM Watson

Project Description:

The typical customer care chatbot can answer simple questions, such as store locations and hours,
directions, and maybe even making appointments. When a question falls outside of the scope of the 
pre-determined question set, the option is typically
to tell the customer the question isn’t valid or offer to speak to a real person.


2. Project Requirements :
i) Create a customer care dialog skill in Watson Assistant.

ii) Smart Document Understanding (SDU) to build an enhanced Watson Discovery collection.

iii) Create an IBM Cloud functions web action that allows Watson Assistant to post queries to Watson discovery.

iv) Build a web application with integration to all these services and deploy the same on IBM Cloud Platform.

3. Functional Requirements:
Capture

step-1: The data source from external is annotated by using Watson Discovery Smart Document Understanding.

step-2: The user interacts with the back-end server through the application user interface. The front-end app user interface is a chatbot that engages the user in a conversaton.

step-3: Dialog between the user and back-end server is coordinated using a Watson Assistant dialog skill.

step-4: If the user asks a question that falls outside of the scope of the pre-determined question set, then a search query is issued to the Watson Discovery service through a Watson Assistant search skill.

4. Technical Requirements :
i) write the code in github account and clone the repository.

ii) Create Watson services.

iii) Configure Watson Discovery.

iv) Configure Watson Assistant.

v) Add Watson service credentials to environment file.

vi) Run the application.

5. Software Requirements:
IBM Cloud

Node-RED (Flow-based development tool for visual programming developed by IBM).

IBM Watson services, Watson Assistance, Watson Discovery.

IBM Cloud functions

Customer Help Desk with Smart Document Understanding(SDU).


